Set in the past to avoid DNA, cell phones, internet. 1970s?

You: Frank Pietro
Your mother was a psychic, it's her place you inherited. But she was a real member
of the community; you took over the shop but don't engage. In the off-season you
work menial jobs away from town.

Cast: detective, Alan Healey, dead guy (uncle), his wife, young girl, his brother (initial suspect),
twin nephew/niece (it's the niece who did it?), the person who brings in the
detective? (someone not a suspect--another relative who wasn't there at the time),

Dead Guy was wealthy. He and his wife had no children. He had a sister and a brother.
The sister is deceased. The brother has a wife and a young girl who was very close
to Dead Guy. The sister had two children, twins. There was also a dog. Maybe one other suspect?

Brother was in financial trouble, but few people knew this (you discover it). Niece
and nephew knew that once the Uncle discovered this, he'd change his will to
leave most everything to the Girl, who he loved absolutely (you learn this in a flashback
from the girl's perspective).  Niece murders Uncle, Nephew figures it out and tries
to protect her. Both knew that Brother was in financial distress. Wife might have
lost some of her money, but you discover it was her idea in the first place to
pass it on to the young girl, as the daughter they never had.

1st flashback: you discover it was murder. You see a figure, indistinct, leaving
the Uncle's study. You get a clear glimpse of a glove closing the door, though
you don't see that there was actually just one glove. The glove is later discovered to have been
taken by the dog who was in the study hiding at the time (you see this in a flashback
from the dog's POV).

2nd flashback, you're outside the area of the house, the detective can't let you
in yet (the scene isn't officially returned to the family). You have to pick up
something innocuous, that the police wouldn't treat as evidence.

A scene later where you see things from the dog's POV (you think at first it's the girl.)
Because it's filtered through the dog, you can't understand anything that's said,
but you can sense something via smell that's interesting?

TODO:

Save the game state
Switch chapters
Change UI for flashbacks
